#####Tadanodaemon (Richard Watson)
- [x] We should have pets that grow along side the player, but also have temporary NPC teammates that help the player in quests or battles.
- [x] Both of these will not be controlled by the player but will act in coordination with the player
- [x] If you want see an example of a pet growing with the player, see dragonboy: http://armorgames.com/play/4893/dragon-boy
- I think that if the player is always alone, then when they are in battles with mult enemies, they will most likely be killed, unless the enemies are extremely weak. This is the main reason I say the pet is needed. Others insist that we shouldn't force a pet on the player and I agree. But the benefits of the pet are overwhelming in battles with mult enemies. So I suggest a compromise. In the beggining of the stroy, the player will be introduced to the concept of a pet and warned about the hardships of not having one. They may choose to not have a pet at that point and can change their mind in the town at any point in time. This works out well with my gold and exp algorithm. The more teammates a player has, the lower the amount of exp/gold that will be gained from the enemy, so if they go it alone, they will be rewarded with extra gold and exp.
- I also think we should have 3 main races, Angel, Demon, and Human, that the player will be able to choose from. These races will be chosen along with the class. Each race will have an advantage in a certain stat(s) and maybe have some extra moves

#####Ezra Vizcarra
- For the main menu where the player chooses which of the three, place the stats but instead of abbreviation place icons. 
- For example:
- HP would be a heart or a cross
- Attk would be a sword or a hatchet
- Def would be a Viking shield or English shield...focus on the shape not the imagery.
- and so on...

#####Sammy Soysauce
- General Lore: There were once three dieties that ruled over Heaven, Hell, and Earth. One who guided souls to Heaven, one who guarded the Gates of Hell, and one who looked over the humans on Earth. One day, the deity who watched over Earth kills the other dieties in order to become "the one True God." In the process of doing so, Heaven is closed off from the humans and the Gates of Hell are open to Earth. This has made Earth a sort of purgatory, all that who die are reincarnated as humans (and/or demons?) and the land is overrun by foul demons. Many brave individuals have tried to kill the "one True God" in hopes of returning the universe to normal, but to avail. The player is one such individual. 
- Upon choosing class and name, the player is thrust into a tutorial. The user awakes to find a powerful demon approaching. Suddenly, an individual mocks the player and implies that they already know who the player is(this and certain NPCs imply that the player had died before and has been reincarnated into the current one). The individual is amused and trains the user on certain basic functions, like general UI and battle. After doing so, the individual comments on whether the user will be able to fix everything.
- The final boss, which is the individual in the tutorial and the "one True God" feels remorseful for killing all of his fellow dieties and actually wants to die (which is why he/she trains the player in the beginning). This is not told outright, but implied through certain item descriptions.
- The player will be told almost nothing about the story outright. The player will gain knowledge of the in-universe lore through interactions with Non-Playable Characters (NPCs) and item decriptions.
- Throughout the game, there will be optional interactions, that will lead to optional areas, and optional bosses. Depending on the length of the optional quest, the player may be rewarded with lore, items, or additional commands.
- There may be multiple endings, including one "true ending" that may/may not require multiple playthroughs.
- In the class select, there will be a sprite of what the class "looks like" and a brief description of the class's stats, through flavour text and not outright telling the user the stats. (Ex: A warrior. A class that fights head-on with honor and bravery, using their high attacking prowess and defensive capabilities to defeat their foes)
- In order to create many unique moves for each class and not overwhelm the user with choice, I was thinking this: Every class will have a small number of moves (2-3) that they will always have. There will be multiple weapon types for each class, and when these different weapon types are equipped, they will grant the user additional moves specific to that weapon type. 
  - Example(not actual concept): Warrior may have a "Two-handed Sword" weapon type and "Short Sword and Shield" weapon type. The         "Two-handed sword" weapon type may grant the user the moves "Heavy Swing" and "Great Thrust" that have high power and low accuracy,   and the "Short Sword and Shield" weapon type may grant the user the moves "Parry" and "Shield Bash" which have lower power, but       better secondary effects or general use. So, if the user has equipped a weapon that is a "two-handed sword," they would have the 2-3   moves all warriors start with, and "heavy swing" and "great thrust" from their weapon.
- Every attack the player can use during a battle phase will come with a unique flavour text for getting a critical hit, missing, and 1-3 for succeeding in hitting the target. Dodging will also feature a unique line of text depending on what type of attack is avoided and from what type of enemy.
- The mage may be able to summon demons that utilize a certain element(should we decide upon a system of elemental magic RPS), or buff the user, inflict neutral physical/magic damage, et cetera.
- [x] Every move the player can use will have a hotkey attached to it, as to provide faster, less tedious battles. Ex: To quickly use Warrior's "Heavy Swing," merely type in "a4" (or something)
